Overview - What can we do for you...
====================================

With our platform you will be able to communicate with agricultural workers around the world helping you getting better in what you do.

Our solution will highly interconnect all your farm devices, collect all the produced information and will provide strategies and plans for the future.

It will get possible to find the best solutions for your harvesting machines.

In combination with sensors around your acre, weather forecast and predective analysis our platform will provide you with the information you need.

A big part of our application will be computer aided diagnosis for your animals.

Please have a look at your first release: http://jbossvertx-easyfarming.rhcloud.com/

New refatored version is running parallel: http://mypredectivefarm-easyfarming.rhcloud.com/

We are maintaining a blog to keep you up to date:  http://mypredectivefarm.blogspot.co.at/

Great! We are on Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/118045655178910862948

MyPredectiveTools uses a set of technologies that interact between them to implement these layers:

Apache Kafka: this is our data stream. Different devices will be generating messages in Kafka topics.

Schema registry - We will use Avro-schemas for Kafka topics.
REST proxy which will allow us to consume Kafka topics.
Camus, a Map-Reduce-Job to store messages from Kafka into HDFS.

HDFS: this is where our main dataset is stored.

MapReduce: This is how our batch layer recomputes batch views. Mapreduce is also used for a batch ETL process that dumps data from Kafka to HDFS.

Apache Storm: This is what we use as our speed layer. Events are consumed from Kafka and processed into “realtime views”

HBase: This is where we store the “realtime biddings” generated by Storm topologies (Publisher).

Upcoming Features
=================

 - Retina image upload via tracking.js
 - Rainfall forecast
 - Bidding platform for agricultural devices
 - Decision dashboards for buying devices
 
Predective analysis
===================

Learning lessons from our brain.

Overview - Technical layout of retinal image analysis
=====================================================

We will do it with Spark and Scala.
 

